# Movies-ETL
ETL
# Movies-ETL
ETL
## Created functions that successfully takes in three arguments: Wikipedia data, Kaggle metadata, and ratings data.

## Functions performed all transformation steps, with no errors.

## Functions performs all load steps with no errors. Additionally, existing data is removed from SQL and tables like movies and ratings are not removed from SQL.

## Valid assumptions 
  ### Exception handling:An exception is an error that occurs while the program is executing.When this error occurs, the program will stop and generate an exception        which then gets handled in order to prevent the program from crashing. Try/except:The exceptions generated by a program are caught in the try block and handled in the except block.Try: Lets you test a block of code for errors and Except: Lets you handle the error.
  ### The goal here is to check to ensure that data is not lost or degraded while moving from the source to the target system.
  ### Check for things such as differences in row counts (showing data has been added or lost incorrectly)- total_rows=len(df.axes[0]) and total_cols=len(df.axes[1])are used for this purpose.
  ### Check for partially loaded datasets (usually with high null count) - comparefiles is used to compare the partially loaded datasets
  ### Check for duplicated results - duplicated() is an inbuilt function that finds duplicate rows based on all columns or some specific columns. The pandas.     duplicated() function returns a Boolean Series with True value for each duplicated row.
  
